h1. Chargify Loops

Chargify Loops is a Rails engine that handles Chargify's Web Hooks. All you need to do is pair hooks to loops for any particular events you care about, and this engine handles everything else.

This is for Rails 3 only - though developers using Rails 2 are welcome to pick things out of the source for their apps.

h2. Installation and Usage

Add the following to your Gemfile:

<pre><code>gem 'chargify-loops', '~> 0.1.0'</code></pre>

Then add an initializer for your loops, and provide your shared key:

<pre><code># config/initializers/chargify_loops.rb
Chargify::Loops.shared_key = 'secret-key-from-chargify'

Chargify::Loops.loop! :signup_success do |payload|
  Emails.welcome(payload[:subscription][:customer][:email]).deliver
end

Chargify::Loops.loop! :payment_failure do |payload|
  Banker.loan payload[:payment][:amount_in_cents]
end</code></pre>

If a web hook is invalid, it'll never hit your loops - so you're only dealing with valid hook requests.

Also: it's best to keep your loops short and sweet - don't put business logic in your initializer, but somewhere else where you've got some test coverage. As a rule of thumb, if you've got more than one line inside a loop block, then you should probably consider whether that code could be somewhere else.

Finally, make sure Chargify is set up to send its hooks your way. This library adds a route that accepts POST requests to @/chargify/hooks@ - so if your site is @www.example.com@, then you'll want to tell Chargify to send hooks to @http://www.example.com/chargify/hooks@.

h2. Contributing

Contributions are very much welcome - but keep in mind the following:

* Keep patches in a separate branch.
* Write tests for your patches.
* Don't mess with the version or history file. I'll take care of that when the patch is merged in.

h2. Credits

Copyright (c) 2011, Chargify Loops is developed and maintained by Pat Allan, and is released under the open MIT Licence.
